
Note: I am using VSCode and Diff path is problematic.  Please generate code to be searched for to replace followed by corrected code



For step 1. Save the file (renderSettingsPanel.js). I think you meant settingsPanel.js

.settings-faq ol {
    margin-left: 0;
}
is much better, particularly for rtl and on small screens

The list numbers for rtl are still outside the ol container and need the sudo selector ::before and ::after
to solve the problem of overlapping list numbers over the details panel border.

second, hi ja zh all have English list numbers not the translation



In the Settings page:
Delete the current content entirely.  We wil implement a new design

Delete the modal page help to setup speech entirely.

Delete any flash message in the exercise page for TTS voices not being available

The settings page has now brought back the old content!!!
Please delete all existing content in the Settings page.

The Settings page new design is successive html details element with a summary element.

Insert an html details element
Insert a summary element with text:

Q. How to configure Text-to-Speech on an Android mobile phone? 

Within the details element, insert a paragraph: 

 To configure Text-to-Speech (TTS) on an Android mobile phone, follow these steps:

Insert the following Answer as a numbered list:

1.    Open Settings: Start by opening the Settings app on your Android device.

2.    Accessibility: Scroll down and tap on "Accessibility." (On some devices, you may find Text-to-Speech under “Language & input” or “System.”)
    (alternatively, use 🔍 and search for Text-to-Speech)

3.    Text-to-Speech Output: Look for the option labeled "Text-to-Speech output" and tap on it.

4.    Select TTS Engine: You will see options for different TTS engines. The default is usually Google Text-to-Speech. You can select it or any other installed TTS engine.

5.    Language Settings: Tap on “Language” to choose the language you want to use for TTS. You may need to download additional languages if they are not already installed.

6.    Voice Selection: Under the "Voice" option, you can choose from various available voices, which may include different accents and genders.

7.    Adjust Speech Rate and Pitch: You can modify the speech rate (how fast the text is spoken) and pitch (how high or low the voice sounds) according to your preferences.

8.    Test the Voice: There is usually an option to listen to a sample of the voice to ensure it meets your needs. Tap on "Listen to an example" to hear how the selected voice sounds.

9.    Download Language Packs: If you want to add more languages, you can often download them through the settings by tapping on "Install voice data."

Insert a end paragraph:
After completing these steps, your device should be ready to utilize Text-to-Speech in the selected languages and voices. 

Include the translation of the above for all the App languages.
NOTE: The output you are generating hangs and then restarts from an unknown point.  
COnsider generating each translation block separately.



------------------------------------------------------------------------

 How to configure Text-to-Speech on an Android mobile phone? 

 To configure Text-to-Speech (TTS) on an Android mobile phone, follow these steps:

1.    Open Settings: Start by opening the Settings app on your Android device.

2.    Accessibility: Scroll down and tap on "Accessibility." (On some devices, you may find Text-to-Speech under “Language & input” or “System.”)
    (alternatively, use 🔍 and search for Text-to-Speech)

3.    Text-to-Speech Output: Look for the option labeled "Text-to-Speech output" and tap on it.

4.    Select TTS Engine: You will see options for different TTS engines. The default is usually Google Text-to-Speech. You can select it or any other installed TTS engine.

5.    Language Settings: Tap on “Language” to choose the language you want to use for TTS. You may need to download additional languages if they are not already installed.

6.    Voice Selection: Under the "Voice" option, you can choose from various available voices, which may include different accents and genders.

7.    Adjust Speech Rate and Pitch: You can modify the speech rate (how fast the text is spoken) and pitch (how high or low the voice sounds) according to your preferences.

8.    Test the Voice: There is usually an option to listen to a sample of the voice to ensure it meets your needs. Tap on "Listen to an example" to hear how the selected voice sounds.

9.    Download Language Packs: If you want to add more languages, you can often download them through the settings by tapping on "Install voice data."

After completing these steps, your device should be ready to utilize Text-to-Speech in the selected languages and voices. 

-------------------------------------------------------------------------

 How to configure Text-to-Speech on an Apple computers and mobile phone? 

 To configure Text-to-Speech (TTS) on an Apple mobile phone (iPhone), follow these steps:

1.    Open Settings: Tap on the Settings app on your iPhone.

2.    Accessibility: Scroll down and select "Accessibility." (alternatively, use 🔍 and search for Spoken Content)

3.    Spoken Content: Under the Accessibility menu, tap on "Spoken Content."

4.    Enable Speak Selection: Toggle on "Speak Selection" if you want to have text read aloud when you select it. This allows you to highlight text and have it spoken.

5.    Enable Speak Screen: You can also toggle on "Speak Screen," which allows you to swipe down with two fingers from the top of the screen to have the content of the screen read aloud.

6.    Voices: Tap on "Voices" to choose from a variety of voices and languages. You can select the preferred voice and download additional voices if needed.

7.    Speech Rate: Adjust the speech rate slider to set how fast the text is spoken.

 8.   Highlight Content: You can enable "Highlight Content" to have words highlighted as they are spoken. This can help with reading along.

9.    Test the Voice: You can tap on "Play" to listen to a sample of the selected voice.

After completing these steps, your iPhone will be configured for Text-to-Speech, and you can use it in supported apps.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

 How to configure Text-to-Speech on a Windows computer? 

 For Windows 10 and Windows 11:

1.    Open Settings: Click on the Start menu and select the gear icon to open the Settings app.

2.    Ease of Access: In Windows 10, click on Ease of Access. In Windows 11, look for Accessibility.

3.    Narrator: On the left sidebar, click on Narrator. This is the built-in screen reader that also provides TTS functionality.

4.    Turn on Narrator: Toggle the switch to turn on Narrator. You can also adjust the settings such as voice, speed, and pitch from this menu.

5.    Choose a Voice: Under the Voice section, you can select the voice you want to use from the dropdown menu. You may have options for different voices and accents.

6.    Adjust Speech Speed and Pitch: You can adjust the speech speed and pitch using the sliders provided.

7.    Test the Voice: There is typically an option to test the selected voice to ensure it meets your preferences.

8.    Using TTS: Once configured, you can use Narrator to read text aloud in various applications. You can also select text in apps like Microsoft Word and use the TTS feature by right-clicking and selecting "Read Aloud" if available.

For Windows 10 and Windows 11 (Using Speech Recognition):

1.    Open Settings: Click on the Start menu and select the gear icon to open the Settings app.

2.    Time & Language: Click on Time & Language.

3.    Speech: On the left sidebar, select Speech.

4.    Choose a Voice: Here, you can select the voice you want to use for TTS from the dropdown menu.

5.    Adjust Speech Speed: You can also adjust the speech speed using the slider.

6.    Test the Voice: You can click on the "Preview Voice" button to listen to a sample.

After completing these steps, your Windows computer will be configured for Text-to-Speech functionality.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------



